GA4: Enable Google Signals (#614)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/analytics/google-analytics-4/google-analytics-4-device-mode.mdx

For each product in the order, there must be an <code class="inline-code">id</code> and <code class="inline-code">name</code> associated. More info on Google Analytics 4 e-commerce event and corresponding properties can be found <a href="https://developers.google.com/gtagjs/reference/ga4-events#view_item_list">here</a>.
</div>

## FAQ

### How can I enable Google Signals in GA4?

> [Google Signals](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9445345?hl=en#zippy=%2Cin-this-article) helps you understand the interaction of users with your website across multiple devices and sessions. To enable Google Signals and capture user data, the following conditions must be true:

Reviewer: Can we mention that this is device mode only feature?

For each product in the order, there must be an <code class="inline-code">id</code> and <code class="inline-code">name</code> associated. More info on Google Analytics 4 e-commerce event and corresponding properties can be found <a href="https://developers.google.com/gtagjs/reference/ga4-events#view_item_list">here</a>.
</div>

## FAQ

### How can I enable Google Signals in GA4?

> [Google Signals](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9445345?hl=en#zippy=%2Cin-this-article) helps you understand the interaction of users with your website across multiple devices and sessions. To enable Google Signals and capture user data, the following conditions must be true:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Google Signals](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9445345?hl=en#zippy=%2Cin-this-article) helps you understand the interaction of users with your website across multiple devices and sessions. To enable Google Signals and capture user data, the following conditions must be met:
```

> - A user must be signed in to Google Account on a website or an app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A user must be signed in to their Google Account on the website or app.
```

> - Ad Personalization must be turned on for their account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ad Personalization must be enabled for their account.
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> This feature is available in the web <Link to="/rudderstack-cloud/rudderstack-connection-modes/#device-mode">device mode</Link> only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Google Signals feature is available in the web <Link to="/rudderstack-cloud/rudderstack-connection-modes/#device-mode">device mode</Link> only.
```

</div>

> To enable Google Signals in GA4 and reflect the collected user data in your GA4 reports, follow the steps below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable Google Signals in GA4 and reflect the collected user data in your reports, follow the steps below:
```

1. Log into your [Google Analytics dashboard](https://analytics.google.com/). 
2. Open the Admin panel by clicking on the gear icon at the bottom left.
<img src="../../../assets/event-stream-destinations/Google-signals-1.png" alt="Google Signals" />

3. Select the property for which you want to enable Google Signals. Then, go to **Data Settings** > **Data Collection**.
4. Click **Get Started** in the **Google signals data collection** section, as shown:
<img src="../../../assets/event-stream-destinations/Google-signals-2.png" alt="Google Signals" />

> 6. Click on **Continue**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Click **Continue**.
```

<img src="../../../assets/event-stream-destinations/Google-signals-3.png" alt="Google Signals" />

> 7. Read the additional information and click on **Activate**.

Reviewer 2: we should be consistent with "Click" or "Click on" - something to consider for the style guide.

Author: agree.. I personally prefer "Click" (minimal choice) but used "Click on" to be consistent.
Can take a call surely!

<img src="../../../assets/event-stream-destinations/Google-signals-4.png" alt="Google Signals" />

> Google Signals is now enabled. You will be able to see the **Age**, **Gender**, and other relevant data in GA4 Demographics reports after 24 hours.

Reviewer 2: GA4 Demographics reports -- is this the name of the report? else we can write 'demographics', i.e. in lower case.

Author: Checked here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2819948?hl=en#zippy=%2Cin-this-article
Seems like "Demographics" should be fine
